[fix] cleanup (#657)
graphprotocol/docs: website/pages/en/deploying/deploying-a-subgraph-to-hosted.mdx

## Create a Subgraph on the hosted service

> Before deploying the subgraph, you need to create it in Graph Explorer. Go to the [dashboard](https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/dashboard) and click on the _'Add Subgraph'_ button and fill in the information below as appropriate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before deploying the subgraph, you need to create it in Graph Explorer. Go to the [dashboard](https://thegraph.com/hosted-service/dashboard) and click on the _Add Subgraph_ button and fill in the information below as appropriate:
```
Those single quotes triggered me haha
